hi there we're gonna look at some today
called dance now dance is a real sum of
celebration and I don't know about you
songwriters up there but for me songs of
celebration are so hard to write
particularly on an acoustic guitar often
I find everything iritis sounds really
tweed now this song actually came out of
a soundcheck we're rehearsing for a big
celebration and the band was really
rockin in the bass pager starts to play
this really cool riff and I started to
sing over the top of it and this kind of
tax section I guess developed and we
used to use at the end of songs and then
I thought well I really need to write a
verse right we need lots more songs
celebration songs to dance to songs to
really shout and celebrate so this is
kind of summer came gonna play to you
and then the course involved
everybody
Oh
it kind of goes on and you can add lots
of lyrics we're going to this joy joy
joy than my heart if you're really going
for it we're going to jump jump
everybody jump it just allows you a bit
of freedom but kind of basic chords it's
the key of C we're doing C with an open
e so you get this gonna just assume that
he then to the F again keeping it really
open a minor and then for the GM blue so
just putting my pink your ring finger
which I was it more comfortable on there
so you just get the kind of rule base
notes but it keeps the chords really
open and the sound open
so you've got that why the ban are
really back to rocket and then the kind
of the verse is just doing an F can the
open your son your goodness and that's
basically a D minor but I'm too lazy to
play it the Humana like that that to
meet sound like has to close don't want
to keep the open thing so basically all
I'm doing is on the a string fifth fret
on the g string fifth fret and on the B
string sixth fret so you've got this
which is a really nice chord
there's the kind of song really you need
the band to really go for it but hope
it's very simple very singable and
allows people freedom to celebrate and
really respond with joy to who God is so
there you go that's the song of Dallas
dance
you